hey whats up guys WWE 598 here and
usually i would put on boxing videos and
i would incorporate it into my videos on
boxing's but the video i'm going to
upload after this is going to take up
like almost all the 11 minutes and it's
gonna be a pretty epic video if I could
say so myself but I mean guys here we go
package today guy from points2shop calm
completely free um if you guys haven't
signed up blink is inside Bart you know
I'm not even put the link you guys who
signed up already if you haven't well
then just private message me but uh yeah
guys this is the first time I've ordered
from these people bull moose com I don't
know but I don't even remember what this
is so I'll be just as shocked as you
guys so hopefully it comes in a good
condition i bought used
and what is it oh yes I remember now we
have Judgment Day 2005 wow this is a
really really bad condition guys I don't
know if you can see that on can you see
the holes and everything oh my god i'm
not buying from these people again and
this was under very good condition there
scratches on here yeah I'm definitely on
1 rating those bastards Wow with a piss
poor Wow how could you even send this
out to somebody this is so pathetic I
don't know if you guys can see the holes
but I'm definitely gonna give them a bad
review I mean there's fucking hole
through the goddamn case this is under
very good people no wonder why it was so
cheap I don't know but I'll let me read
you guys some of the matches on here
cruiserweight champ chip Paul underverse
traveled railroad Tag Team Championship
mmm vs. Hardcore Holly and Charlie Haas
United see champ chip orlando jordan vs
heidenreich Big Show vs Carlito Booker T
vs Kurt Angle Rey Mysterio versus Eddie
Guerrero and I quit the BW chimp to
match John Cena vs JBL so the upper card
does look good the undercard doesn't but
yeah guys um wow what a bad condition it
has freakin stains I'm not buying from
these people Wow terrible but are you
guys watch out for the video I'm gonna
upload next it's gonna be pretty epic
I'm hope you guys enjoyed this unboxing
and um I dibben do you forever 98 is
pretty pissed yes um so yeah guys Wow
alright thanks for watching guys
Judgment Day 2005 John seal own cover
anyway thanks for watching and see you
guys later